## Life Update - Week 0.5 of 9th Grade

#### 8/05/22 - 8/09/22
* From 8/4 - 8/6: I was like super stressed out and I barely could sleep. The day before the orientation (8/6), I was basically up all night and I threw up around 6-7 times. I got better in the morning - went for a walk in the morning, which made me feel better. 

* The orientation was pretty fun, at the end we got to run around the school on a scavenger hunt. 

* 8/7 - Big family friend party at our house, had fun.

* 8/8 - Had a skin operation. It took around 10 minutes, was on a bit of anesthesia - so I didn't feel that much pain. My mom was watching the whole thing and once it was completed she told me how scary it was. The doctor first injected the anesthesia near the cyst, causing the cyst to grow around 4-5 times its original size. He then cut it open, and used a tool to take out all the gunk - and there was a lot of it. After, he used a machine that kind of burnt my skin a bit to test if there was any residue of the gunk, so a cyst can't form again. Finally, he stitched up my skin. We scheduled an appointment in 2 weeks to get the stitches removed. 

* 8/9 - Day before school; was not that excited at that point, I created a spam insta acc 🤩

#### 8/10/22 - 8/12/22
The past half week of school has been just ok.

My schedule:
1. AP Physics
2. AAC Algebra 2
3. AP Comp. Sci Principles 
4. AAC Chem
5. AAC English 1
6. AP Human Geo
7. Sign Language 1

I don't really have that many friends, but I have tried to socialize? yeah...
Other than that, school has been alright - quite a bit of work already. I haven't really been doing other studying than school 😓 - though I have alot of time too. 

Pretty much it - life has been alright. Clubs and tose interest meetings start next week - hopefully that's fun.
