## 14 Days till HS

14 days before I am officialy a highschooler!

It's crazy how summer flew by. I am extremely excited for 9th grade - a tiny bit nervous. Last 4 years of my childhood...

#### Past Few Days
Past few days been great. Life is good.

* Been reading a lot, finished 2 books: The Upside of Falling and The Good Lie. I really liked both of the books especially The Good Lie. 
* I took the Health Final today and got a 94, didn't study at all, pretty good
* I also deleted my instagram account on Sunday. It is hard - I always have the temptation to want to check insta even after I deleted it. I just need to break my instagram addiction - and depending on how everything goes, I might create a new account. I've also been watching a lot of Ted Talks - a few of them are really good and insightful. One of the talks were on the effects on instagram and social media - it kind of resonated with me, probably another cause for deleting it. 
* Watched the movie Chasing Liberty w my mom
* Life's just been good and happy 

#### Upcoming!
* Meeting up with one of my friends next Sunday - looking forward to that
* Weekend after this one is our last summer weekend - Saturday: FISH Camp (Freshman Orientation), Sunday: Big Party at our house, and that week school starts

#### Other
* I think I have been a bit too "college crazy" this summer and these past few days. Definitely going to stop that now especially before highschool starts. I was looking at other people a couple years older than me and wow. They are so accomplished. I always end up comparing myself to them.

* Got a good feeling for these next 4 years - going to enjoy them and work hard. I am very very very behind with decathlon - basically haven't touched it at all.Going to have to work on that. Also, trying to really study properly - quality work. Super excited for these next 4 years...(we shall see if I really am this excited during 9th grade 😰).
* I want to document my highschool memories so I was thinking of creating highschoool vlogs - idea of my bucket list, I mean, I deleted my instagram account where I'd usually post on my stories. I also want to start learning how to crochet. 


