## 24 Days till HS

24 days left till Highschool. 

#### Courses

- [ ] AAC English 1

  Never heard anything about english, so I'm assuming it is alright. Not too worried, though english is definetly not my strong point.

- [ ] AAC Algebra 2
  
  Not worried about at all. One of my friends took the CBE for Algebra 2 - I should have done that as well. I want to take Calculus through AoPS this      year or in the summer to 10th grade, so then I can take Multivariable Calc. in my sophmore year, though I don't know if they will allow that since I haven't taken Precal., so I might as well take the CBE for Precal. this year. 

- [ ] AP Human Geography

  This is the course that is the most talked about (not in a good way). The teacher apparently doesn't have a good personality, she takes off points for the smallest mistake, and lots of work. Quite a handful of my friends are taking it over summer so they don't have to worry about her and the workload of the class.
  
- [ ] AP Comp. Sci. Principles
  
  Mix of Java and Python - not too worried as I already know both these languages.

- [ ] AAC Chemistry

  The teacher is pretty good from what I heard, pretty excited, probably will be one of my favorite classes.

- [ ] AP Physics 1
  
  The teacher doesn't teach, and easy to get good grades. Not that worried? 
  
- [ ] Multidisciplinary Studies 1
  
  Okay, so... this is the Decathlon Course. Mid-way through summer I felt like dropping out but we can't change our course requests. I really wanted to take Sign Language all 4 years of highschool - I guess I will just take it 10,11 & 12th grade. 

#### 7/17/22

Yesterday (7/17/22 - Sunday) was probably one of my best days in summer. I didn't go anywhere or do anything "fun" - I was just extremely productive and the day felt really rewarding. I also binge watched the movie Persuasion, and I didn't like it.

- [X] Finish Chapter 13 (Campbell)
- [X] Finish Chapter 14 (Campbell)
- [X] Finish Chapter 1 (Atkins) - only upto section 1.6
- [X] Review Chapter 3 (JPH)
- [X] Chapter 4 Chemistry Problems (Barrons)
- [X] Practice Violin (30 minutes)
- [X] Precalc. Week 3 
- [X] AMC 10 Practice (Recursion) 
- [X] Go out for a run!

USACO is so hard, I attempted 2015 #1 (bronze ofc) and 😞 Been really avoiding Decathlon 😥

#### 7/18/22

I woke up and I spent the whole morning (till like 1 pm.) doing nothing and just being stressed about highschool and freshman year. Very crazy, wasted lotta time. After lunch, I just completed my research part for YLP. Then, from 3:30 - 6:45 pm (with a 15 minute break) started the first day of the Physics Camp (AlphaStar F=ma Advanced AB). We went over basic algebra and trigonometry required for this algebra-based physics course as well as starting with Chapter 3 - One Dimensional Kinematics. Physics is tough.

Things left for today:
- [X] Chapter 15 Campbell [Finished] 
- [X] Start Chapter 5 Chem (Barrons)[Left off at 5.4] 
- [ ] AMC 10 Practice
- [X] Physics C1 & C2 HW Problems [Completed, should have done C3, but I need more focus and energy]
- [ ] USACO Guide Section: Rectangles 
- [ ] Violin - too late in night coudn't do

#### Upcoming
- [ ] Health Final 🤡

I am not confident for this at all even though we get to use our notes.

Slept at 11:00 pm exact. 
