## 21 Days till HS

21 days left till Highschool.

#### Physics Camp
Today was the third day and we covered so much (3 hours daily). I am actually a bit behind so I'm currently catching up. Physics is pretty difficult; I am 
enjoying it a bit. We covered One Dimensional Kinematics, Two Dimensional Kinematics and Dynamics (3 chapters to this). I am currently on the problem set 
for the first chapter of Dynamics.

#### Other
It's been hard for me to just sit and focus and get work done especially in the morning. I started doing all my work/studying after lunch - night. My 
mornings have been going to waste. I'm going to not waste so much time from tomorrow - there's so much I have to do, and I think I feel anxious, I honestly
have no idea. I am behind in so many things, because I am doing alot of things, and not the best time management skills. Lot of family "rifts" this past week - a bit tiring, but it's okay, I know it will get better in another 3 - 4 days (hopefully). I'll just have to push through with all that's happenning, 
and take care of my lil brother.

Getting anxious and excited for
highschool. Our freshman orientation is on Aug. 6th! I'm getting a bit anxious for highschool because it will "determine our college & future" and all that, but I'll 
try to make the most out of it & have a bit of fun. My mom (slightly bipolar) is quite the stereotypical asian parent, and she won't take any grade less than a 95 - and if that 
does happen 😓...I'll try to keep my grades up. I'm sure I'll be burned out by the end of September. My parents and I have a pretty good relationship for the most part,
I can pretty much tell them anything - I am very grateful for that.
