14 days before I am officialy a highschooler!

It's crazy how summer flew by. I am extremely excited for 9th grade - a tiny bit nervous. Last 4 years of my childhood...

#### Past Few Days
Past few days been great. I have been reading a lot, finished 2 books: The Upside of Falling and The Good Lie. I really liked both of the books especially 
The Good Lie. I took the Health Final today and got a 94, didn't study at all, there wasn't anything to really "study". I also deleted my instagram account on Sunday.
It is hard - I always have the temptation to want to check insta even after I deleted it. I just need to break my instagram addiction - and depending on how 
everything goes, I might create a new account. I've also been watching a lot of Ted Talks - a few of them are really good and insightful. One of the talks were
on the effects on instagram and social media - it kind of resonated with me, probably another cause for deleting it. 

#### Upcoming!
I am meeting up with one of my friends next Sunday - looking forward to that. The following and last summer weekend is our FISH Camp - Freshman Orientation and the day 
after we have a big party at our house. That week school starts :)

#### Other
I think I have been a bit too "college crazy" this summer and these past few days. Definitely going to stop that now especially before highschool starts. I was looking
at other people a year older than me or my age - and wow. They are so accomplished. I always end up comparing myself to them.

I have a good feeling for these next 4 years - going to enjoy them and work hard. I am very very very behind with decathlon - basically haven't touched it at all.
Going to have to work on that. Also, trying to really study properly - quality work. Super excited for these next 4 years...(will see if I really am this excited during 9th grade 😰).
Recently, I have had this idea to create vlogs 😂 pick up on that highschoool youtuber idea of my bucket list...it's a good way to create memories, I mean, I deleted my instagram account where I'd usually post on my stories.
I also want to and I am going to start learning how to crochet. Hopefully, I follow through with these :)


